The gist is this: For cooperative galactic war, we want to share SOME, not all mods. Specifically client mods that affect galactic war. I envision the following architecture with the following black box components:

- The mod categorizer: This module shall take in all the data of some mod, and report whether or not it needs to be shared to all clients. The host will use this when determining which mods to upload. It will also report if a mod is safe to be online when generating cooked unit specs.

- The mod mounter: This is actually not really one module, but I found it easier to put this as one item. Basically, some mods affect unit files. We send cooked files that are made from applying tech cards to the unit specs to all players to get galactic war to work, but some mods can also affect the cooked files, which then make those files point at stuff that may only exist on the host side (e.g. a modded particle effect). We want those mods to be deactivated when preparing the galactic war unit specs. Some mods do affect units and galactic war as a whole, and we do want those to be shared around (for instance, galactic war overhaul).  And finally some mods don't affect units or galactic war, they're just quality of life mods that set factories to build something as soon as they are built. This finaly category of mod is safe to be left on. A good mod mounter will ensure that the host's mods don't taint the cooked files sent to all clients while also letting the host and all the clients have active any combination of client mods that DON'T affect galactic war (since all GW affecting mods should be disabled client side and the host should share all their GW mods to all clients enforcing one authoritative set of galactic war modifications).

- The connection gates: Again, this isn't really one black box, but rather a bunch that ensure any client connecting late or reconnecting after a crash gets sent all the files they need, then blocks while they apply those files and also while they apply their own client mods that are allowed (so any client mod that doesn't affect galactic war). These will need to be put in any and all connection/reconnection paths to coop galactic war matches.

- The mod distributer: This is what sends the files to the server, then has the server send those files to the clients. What form, if any this takes in code is unclear. This would represent the manual sharing process detailed in the markdown document, or the server mod reusing process that I want to implement.

Honestly, everything is a bit unclear in terms of the form it will take in code except for the mod classifier (that can just be a function that takes in a mod and returns a classification).

The end result of this architecture is detailed as follows: Imagine a host has 3 mods, we call A, B, and C. A is a galactic war overhaul mod, B is a mod that adds custom skins to units and particle effects, and C is an autofactory mod that just makes factories turn on. The architectures should work such that the flow is this - The host starts a galactic war coop session and mod A is uploaded to the server. Any client that joins will be sent that mod and have any mod like A disabled on their end to enforce the one authoritative view of galactic war. The host and their party then mess around before then starting a coop fight. At this point they have all the tech cards they're going to have, so we know how to make the cooked unit specs. We disable mod B on the host's side, then generate the cooked files and share them around. The host then has mod B re enabled and it will modify the host's personal copy of the files to insert the new skins and particle effects, and likewise any B equivalent mods on the client side for other clients get activated and applied to those client's local copies of mods. And then mod C is unaffected, it just keeps running with none of our new code touching it ideally. If any client connects late or has to reconnect in the middle of a fight, their A equivalent mods are disabled and the server broadcasts to them a copy of mod A so they can enable it locally. They also get a copy of all the cooked unit specs (this is already implemented) and then apply their B equivalent mods (not implemented). And their C mods stay on and untouched. Finally, during the auto reconnect, the host repeats the same process as before, sending their mod A to the server (if done right, implementing the initial coop gw connection mod sharing will also implement this with no extra work).